# 🏗 UVerify UI Core

Welcome to the **UVerify UI Core** repository! This package provides the foundational types and interfaces for building custom user interfaces for UVerify. It is designed to be used in conjunction with the UVerify platform, allowing developers to create tailored experiences for their users.

## 🚀 Getting Started

If you're looking into creating your own UVerify UI template, you can use the UVerify CLI tool to generate a new template and kickstart your development process. The CLI will scaffold a new project with the necessary dependencies and structure.

To get started, just run the following command:

```bash
npx @uverify/cli init my-template
```
This will create a new directory called `my-template` with all the necessary files and configurations to start building your custom UI.

## 📦 Core Types and Interfaces

If you want to use the core types and interfaces provided by this package, independet of the blueprint generated by the CLI, you can install this package directly:

```bash
npm install @uverify/core
```

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

The core components of UVerify, including `uverify-ui` and `uverify-backend`, are licensed under the [AGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html). However, this repository provides extension points for creating custom UI templates that are dynamically imported by the UVerify platform.

### Key Points:
- **Modifying the UVerify core (backend or UI)**: Requires compliance with AGPL-3.0.
- **Creating custom UI templates**: Does *not* require compliance with AGPL-3.0. These templates remain under the Apache License 2.0, allowing you to create and distribute proprietary or open-source extensions without restrictions.

In short, you can build custom UIs without worrying about AGPL-3.0 compliance, as long as you’re not modifying the UVerify core.